README.md, before:


# Team generator

# Table of contents
1. [Created-By](#created-by)
2. [Description](#description)
3. [Created-With](#created-with)
4. [Usage-Information](#usage)
5. [Test-Instructions](#test-instructions)
6. [Installation](#install)
7. [Deployed-Link](#deployed-link)
8. [Screenshots](#screenshots)
9. [Questions](#questions)

## Created By <a name="created-by"></a>
Dave Vebber
www.github.com/davevebber

## Description <a name="description"></a>
This app takes answers to questions to create a team of workers. Currently can accept answers for managers, interns, and engineers.

## Created With <a name="created-with"></a>
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
Node

## Usage Information <a name="usage"></a>
To use this app simply type "npm run start" from the root folder.

## Test Instructions <a name="test-instructions"></a>
To run tests simply type "npm test" and jest with perform tests.

## Installation <a name="install"></a>
To install needed node packages type "npm install" from the root folder.

## Deployed Link <a name="deployed-link"></a>
https://github.com/davevebber/team-profile-generator

## Screenshots <a name="screenshots"></a>
![Screen Shot 2021-03-25 at 10 04 35 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75150876/112585004-410f0600-8db6-11eb-9521-378e780c337b.png)

![Screen Shot 2021-03-25 at 10 04 47 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75150876/112585248-afec5f00-8db6-11eb-9ef4-696c71c5cf7e.png)

## Questions <a name="questions"></a>
If you have any other questions please contact me at:
davevebber@gmail.com
www.github.com/davevebber

Commit message:

updated readme and added jest as the test for package.json

README.md, after:


# Team generator

# Table of contents
1. [Created-By](#created-by)
2. [Description](#description)
3. [Created-With](#created-with)
4. [Usage-Information](#usage)
5. [Test-Instructions](#test-instructions)
6. [Installation](#install)
7. [Deployed-Link](#deployed-link)
8. [Screenshots](#screenshots)
9. [Questions](#questions)

## Created By <a name="created-by"></a>
Dave Vebber
www.github.com/davevebber

## Description <a name="description"></a>
This app takes answers to questions to create a team of workers. Currently can accept answers for managers, interns, and engineers.

## Created With <a name="created-with"></a>
JavaScript
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
Node

## Usage Information <a name="usage"></a>
To use this app simply type "npm run start" from the root folder. Below is a link to a walkthrough video I have added as well.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eBenA3EeM_ZpTXX-u-JGeedkAVPbXW72/view

## Test Instructions <a name="test-instructions"></a>
To run tests simply type "npm test" and jest with perform tests.

## Installation <a name="install"></a>
To install needed node packages type "npm install" from the root folder.

## Deployed Link <a name="deployed-link"></a>
https://github.com/davevebber/team-profile-generator

## Screenshots <a name="screenshots"></a>
![Screen Shot 2021-03-25 at 10 04 35 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75150876/112585004-410f0600-8db6-11eb-9521-378e780c337b.png)

![Screen Shot 2021-03-25 at 10 04 47 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75150876/112585248-afec5f00-8db6-11eb-9ef4-696c71c5cf7e.png)

## Questions <a name="questions"></a>
If you have any other questions please contact me at:
davevebber@gmail.com
www.github.com/davevebber
